Embedding videos into the docs and other small changes (#394)
BauplanLabs/bauplan: docs/pages/agents/skills.mdx

## Installation

<YouTube
  id="TD7gME7JnZw"
  title="Installing Bauplan Skills for Different Agent Harnesses"
/>

### Claude Code

> Inside Claude Code, follow these steps ([watch this step at 1:51](https://youtu.be/TD7gME7JnZw?t=111)):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bauplan Skills can be installed in Claude Code using the instructions in this [video](https://youtu.be/TD7gME7JnZw?t=111), or these steps:
```

### Codex

> Inside Codex, run the skill installer pointing at the Bauplan skills directory ([watch this step at 3:00](https://youtu.be/TD7gME7JnZw?t=180)):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bauplan Skills can be installed in Codex using the instructions in this [video](https://youtu.be/TD7gME7JnZw?t=180), or by following these steps inside Codex to run the skill installer pointing at the Bauplan skills directory:
```

### Cursor

> Go to **Settings > Cursor Settings > Rules, Skills, Subagents** ([watch this step at 4:08](https://youtu.be/TD7gME7JnZw?t=248)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bauplan Skills can be installed in Cursor by following the instructions in this [video](https://youtu.be/TD7gME7JnZw?t=248).

Otherwise, go to **Settings > Cursor Settings > Rules, Skills, Subagents**.
```
